hey guys its vocal here and today we are
going to play minecraft again like I
want to say sorry ah because I haven't
like uploaded videos for a few days but
that's but that's because I I haven't
been here I've been a I haven't been
home I've been in my grandma
grandparents house it's out it's not
here
in a village so there I don't have to
drag and stuff so I can't upload videos
sorry about that guys but the thing is
that today i'm here and i can i can
upload so I saw the whole thing that we
can do so this is my arena this is my
ring the phone from that rock and Sam
Sam Sam stone but the main thing here is
that it is serene are going to fight
eight different types of mobs each they
are going to fight each other so
yeah there are bombs out there so of
these creepers we have creepers we have
our own problems let's see what we have
oh we have spiders this spider is
actually let me see
that is def escapes fighters so we have
gauged fighters we have a normal fighter
we have snow golems we and we have lots
more polite mobs and stuff
go and
what's happening again
come on it's letting a lot
computer is bad that's why
so I made
I things
something taboo
it's always have zombies I don't know
what the problem is all this they're
always
sorry my bad providers are there yeah
andaman sis which have skeletons
somewhere here yes
growth
this is out there so you're going to let
them fight each other right here so
firstly I'll just let left items olive
salt because they're like es guys here
he selling
and they're going to fight actually with
everyone else and those also strong
bones are going to fight with with
perhaps the snow golem they don't make
really any damage to the roof what they
they can really kill anyone take it to
the audition who's the master so our
accounts can kill me down there but yeah
that's nice
that just relieved them
what it's learned so much
easier to be like
come on
I really need
with my parents there you don't let me
buy a new computer
that is really bad
for jumping
all this going to be a lot of laughs so
we have 15
I on columns and we have 15 mobs from
every kind of the mall so let's release
all of them
so you have creepers the problem is that
i'm going to kill creepers leeches
script for the figures as criticism fits
both
that is going to make a lot of masses
loves us to leave their well as yeah
ok
you know five people are gay guys
and other man
with his way two guys
oh whoa
so I'm going to
together one except except
oh I would love to get nasty I should
make video allows them to again yes I
should so guys there are like creepers
let's just start them and make them
explode
aha that hurts I don't
that's really
whoa that's gold a whole
we got that gave you goza your loser Oh
now
blah blah blah
look at that
so I think is that Devan Promised One
and creepers can be killed so yay I
haven't got upset see how many of them
are left one two three four five
everyone
five six seven eight nine
I love them
probably everyone
let's say well
six seven eight nine
so 13 hours laws are left
I said 14 15 15 i'll go golems are left
and there are the weavers creepers are
like hey you can kill me
that's probably what they are safe so
this is the end of this video by pretty
much if it was like all the time but
yeah I'll make new version soon probably
better one and yeah bye